README.md, before:


# About Advent of Code

[Here's the site to get the daily assignments and read about what this is](https://adventofcode.com/2022)

You can complete these challenges with any technology you want, I chose typescript/node/unit tests via mocha and chai.

## Scaffolding

`run npm scaffold` to quickly scaffold a new project in this directory. You'll then want to rename the directory and package name it makes, then you can get to coding.

I realized later, why am I making a project per day? Seems kinda silly, they could just exist in one project.. but I don't care enough to join them back together now. Plus, I learned a lot because making projects isn't something you do that often compared to writing other code, so putting in cycles there seems beneficial.

## Running tests / start

Copy the input data file to the build/src/test and build/src folders. Both in case you want the test code and node code to both be able to pull the file in.

## Ughhhh

I accidentally deleted the first 3 days' solutions trying to set up a branch on git. I can't do anything to get them back and don't feel like doing it again. Day 2's main file made it though. So my advent of code calendar starts properly on day 4.

## Progress

| Day | Status | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 01 | Finished, but code lost ||
| 02 | Finished, but most code lost, main fail was saved ||
| 03 | Finished, but code lost ||
| 04 | Complete ||
| 05 | Complete ||
| 06 | Complete ||
| 07 | Stumped, didn't get part 1 answer | No clue what is wrong, all tests are passing and matching the site's data, wth |
| 08 | Done | using a map instead of 2d array again. I'm not smart enough for 2d arrays |
| 09 | Not Started | This looks kinda tedious, I'll have to get pretty bored for this one. I'd probably recreate the first three days before this. |
| 10 | Started, part 1 complete | Oh wow, part 2 looks rough. |
| 11 | Not started | monkey business! |

Commit message:

names are not unique, wip

README.md, after:


# About Advent of Code

[Here's the site to get the daily assignments and read about what this is](https://adventofcode.com/2022)

You can complete these challenges with any technology you want, I chose typescript/node/unit tests via mocha and chai.

## Scaffolding

`run npm scaffold` to quickly scaffold a new project in this directory. You'll then want to rename the directory and package name it makes, then you can get to coding.

I realized later, why am I making a project per day? Seems kinda silly, they could just exist in one project.. but I don't care enough to join them back together now. Plus, I learned a lot because making projects isn't something you do that often compared to writing other code, so putting in cycles there seems beneficial.

## Running tests / start

Copy the input data file to the build/src/test and build/src folders. Both in case you want the test code and node code to both be able to pull the file in.

## Ughhhh

I accidentally deleted the first 3 days' solutions trying to set up a branch on git. I can't do anything to get them back and don't feel like doing it again. Day 2's main file made it though. So my advent of code calendar starts properly on day 4.

## Progress

| Day | Status | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 01 | Finished, but code lost ||
| 02 | Finished, but most code lost, main fail was saved ||
| 03 | Finished, but code lost ||
| 04 | Complete ||
| 05 | Complete ||
| 06 | Complete ||
| 07 | Stumped, didn't get part 1 answer | No clue what is wrong, all tests are passing and matching the site's data, wth. Wow.. folders and file names are not unique |
| 08 | Done | using a map instead of 2d array again. I'm not smart enough for 2d arrays |
| 09 | Not Started | This looks kinda tedious, I'll have to get pretty bored for this one. I'd probably recreate the first three days before this. |
| 10 | Done | ezpz |
| 11 | Not started | monkey business! |
